Codepen - https://codepen.io/dmattox10/pen/MWWEaom

Questions:

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        HTML that provides meaning to our markup, for search engines, and screen readers.

    2. What is HTML used for? 
        To create web pages.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        They provide additional information about HTML elements, they are placed inside the tags themselves.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        It is used for Headings, the most important one, and should only be used once per page.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        Anchor (a) and Image (img)

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        Metadata, links to css and javascript files

    7. What is an id? 
        A selector used once per page for navigation and screen readers

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        Any element

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        Once 

    10. What is a class? 
        A definition used to attach CSS to
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        Any element

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        Any number of times

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        target="_blank"

    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
        The description of an image in case it fails to load, and for screen readers

    15. How do I reference an id?
        With a "#" symbol

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        Sections divide major content, divs are used primarily for styling

    17. What is CSS used for? 
        Styling elements in a webpage

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        h2 {

        }

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        An id is specific to only one place on the page, classes can be used anywhere. 
        Use an id for the navigation, use classes for paragraphs of type "warning"

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        .className {

        }

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        p.human{

        }

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        a selector with specificity, selecting list items that are "important" with 
        ul li {

        }

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        div.sidebar a {

        }

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        selectors like :root and :hover and :before

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        line-height:

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        letter-spacing:

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        text-transform: uppercase;
                        lowercase;
                        capitalize;

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        div.className {
            border: 1px dotted #000;
        }

    29. How do I select everything on the page?
        body {

        }

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        /*

        */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        ls -a

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        rm - because it is permanent with no warning or confirmation

    34. Why should I use version control? 
        to track changes and prevent conflicts between team members

    35. How often should I commit to github?
        At lambda, every 20 minutes or so, real world, best judgement or company policy but minor commits major pushes was listed somewhere as best practice

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        git push

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        Fork, add TL as contributor, Clone, Add, Commit, Push, Pull-Request

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 